ARK Open Application Library Program Component Distribution Guidelines
Version 1.1.0
Revised 23/8/2017

ARK Open Application Library
Copyright 2016-2018 Michael Runzler
MichaelRunzler@users.noreply.github.com
https://www.github.com/MichaelRunzler/

SECTION I: INTRODUCTION AND DESCRIPTION

This Document is designed to offer a guideline for redistribution and usage of individual components of the ARK Open
Application Library. For licensing information and copyright attributions relevant to the program as a whole,
please see the Copyright Attributions document, at https://github.com/MichaelRunzler/ARKCore/blob/master/src/com/michaelRunzler/ARK/copyright.txt,
or in the source files for this Program. For general usage and legal documentation, see the Licensing and Release of
Liability Agreement, at https://github.com/MichaelRunzler/ARKCore/blob/master/src/com/michaelRunzler/ARK/LRLA.txt,
or in the source files for this Program.

SECTION II: COMPONENT BREAKDOWN

Project components are broken down as follows:

There are three primary project modules: 'Core', 'Application', and 'Library'.
The Core module stores its classes in the com.michaelRunzler.ARK.core package. Note that for the purposes of this
document, this EXCLUDES the 'external' subpackage located in the aforementioned package path. This contains all externally
sourced classes that are not part of larger libraries, and as such, is governed by the individual licensing of each class
in said package. See the Copyright Attributions document for more information on these classes.

1. CORE:        The Core module contains all system and core library and utility classes. All classes that fall into
                this module must meet the following guidelines:

                I. The class must be either a multi-modal launcher class, a helper UI, or a utility library.
                II. The class must NOT be an application in its own right - those are stored in the Application module.
                III. The class must have been developed by Me (the Project Author), and not sourced from any other library
                     or project, including code and libraries sourced from Stack Overflow and other such sources.

                Unless stated otherwise in class documentation or the Copyright Attribution Document, any classes that fall
                under this category are classified as SHAREWARE. This means that these classes may be distributed freely,
                so long as the distributing entity maintains accurate attribution and reference information for the
                distributed class and library material. Material may not be altered and/or redistributed without proper
                attribution under any circumstances.

2. APPLICATION: The Application module contains all classes that directly relate to ARK Applications and their support
                classes. These include all command-line applications, as well as all UI-based applications that are NOT
                launchers or helper UIs. Classes that fall into this module must meet the following guidelines:

                I. The class must be either a standalone command-line application, a standalone UI-based application,
                   or an application run by a launcher class located in the Core module.
                II. The class must be an application in its own right, with or without an integrated launcher class,
                    or a helper class for such an application.
                III. The class must have been developed by Me (the Project Author), and not sourced from any other library
                     or project, including code and libraries sourced from Stack Overflow and other such sources.

                Unless stated otherwise in class documentation or the Copyright Attribution Document, any classes that fall
                under this category are classified as SHAREWARE. This means that these classes may be distributed freely,
                so long as the distributing entity maintains accurate attribution and reference information for the
                distributed class and library material. Material may not be altered and/or redistributed without proper
                attribution under any circumstances.

3. LIBRARY:     The Library module contains all classes sourced from external library JARs or derived classes. These include
                all classes that come as part of a set of library classes. Single externally sourced classes are stored
                in the Core module, under the 'external' package. All classes that fall into this module must meet
                the following guidelines:

                I. The class must have been developed by a user other than Me (the Project Author), and sourced from another
                   library or project, including code and libraries sourced from Stack Overflow and other such sources.
                II. The class must be a part of a larger set of classes packaged into a JAR, or a non-packaged set of classes
                    in library format.

                Classes that fall under this module are subject to their individual sets of attribution, redistribution,
                and copyright restrictions. Library classes and JARS that do not include their own copyright and attribution
                documents have a copy of said information listed in the Copyright Attributions document for this project,
                under section II.

