# Error Code Definitions for ARK X-34 Retrieval System/JFX-UI ver. 4310

Error Code Structure Example:

Code: 14011

1: Criticality Flag
   This flag is set to 1 if the error is critical enough to warrant program shutdown (a fatal error), or 0 if the error is non-fatal.

4: Series ID
   This is the error series ID. Each error series contains errors of a specific severity and type.

01: Error Code
    The specific error code within the series ID. Combining this with the series ID and appending a 0 produces the complete error code, in
    this case, 4010: Authorization Failure

1: Sub-code
   Some error types have sub-codes, which indicate a more specific sub-variant of the code's issue class. Combining this with
   the series ID and code number produces the extended error code, in this case, 4011: HTTP/FTP Security Error.
   If a code has a sub-code ID of 0, it can be assumed that either (1) said code has no designated sub-codes, or (2) said code
   has no specified sub-code because the error does not fit any of the available sub-code categories


0-series:

    -1: Debug
    Program force-closed via debugger console.

    0: Normal Shutdown
    Program shut down via internal method call or user interaction.

    1: Force Close
    Program force-closed via system task manager or other thread-kill system.

400-Series:

    4000: Invalid Data
    Data structures returned by a local resource or remote service are incorrect or corrupt enough that critical functionality
    cannot proceed without causing resource corruption, and the program has been shut down to protect local cache integrity.

        4000 > Sub-codes:
            4001: Premature EoF
                  A data parser or deserialization routine hit the end-of-file marker on a data stream or file read before it
                  expected to.

            4002: Incorrect/Missing File Identifier
                  A file which obeys a strictly-typed standard (such as JSON, XML, PNG, or MP3, among others) is missing
                  one or more identifying marks, which is preventing the service reading it from obtaining the data that it
                  is looking for.

            4003: Zero-Length Stream
                  A data stream from a local file or remote source has returned an availability length of zero bytes. This is
                  similar to error 4001 (Premature EoF), but indicates a file or stream that contains

    4010: Authorization Failure
    Internal or user-supplied credentials have failed to validate against a resource or remote service. This error is critical
    enough to warrant a program shutdown.

        4010 > Sub-codes:
            4011: HTTP/FTP Security Error
                  An active or attempted HTTP or FTP connection has encountered a critical error during its connection or
                  authentication process. This is usually due to a certificate or protocol issue, and may be on either
                  the client or server end. This error code may be accompanied by 4000, 4030, or 5030 series error(s).

            4012: UAC/Keychain/Sudo Auth Failure
                  An attempt has been made to authenticate with the local operating system's administrator permission elevation
                  authority, and the provided credentials have been rejected by the elevation authority, preventing access
                  to a critical function that requires permission elevation.

    4030: Security Violation
    The program's internal security routines have detected a breach of security severe enough to warrant program shutdown.

        4030 > Sub-codes:
            4031: Protected Memory Violation
                  Another process has attempted to access a portion of system virtual memory that has been reserved for the JVM
                  or one of its processes. This constitutes a security violation, and will usually cause program shutdown.

            4032: SSL/TLS Connection Breach
                  An active SSL or TLS connection appears to have been breached by an outside party, and security of the connection
                  can no longer be guaranteed. The connection will be terminated. Other error codes may be generated by this
                  action.

    4040: Not Found
    A required resource, class file, or definition could not be found, and the resource/file/definition was critical enough
    to warrant a shutdown of the program.

        4040 > Sub-codes:
            4041: Class Definition Missing
                  A specified class file or module could not be located by the presiding classloader. This is typically due
                  to a misconfigured classpath, incorrect JVM version, or corrupt program file. Re-installing the program
                  and updating any active JRE and JDK installs to the most recent version should solve this issue.

            4042: Nonexistent File or Directory
                  A local file or directory that has been specified by a file pointer could not be found at the target location
                  by the system file interface.

            4043: HTTP Error 404
                  An active HTTP or FTP stream has returned IETF Error 404 (Resource Not Found) when attempting to retrieve
                  said resource.

            4044: Missing Native Interface Component
                  A requested native operating system component, such as a process or file handler, is not available.
                  Causes for this error differ, but the extended error details will typically give the specific cause, and
                  possible resolutions.

    4100: Version Deprecated
    The current version of the program is severely out-of-date, so much so that it cannot function due to fundamental incompatibilities
    with operating system, platform, or service elements. Upgrade the program to its latest version and delete all older
    versions to resolve this issue. This code may have additional codes included in its error report that further quantify
    what caused the incompatibility. By design, this code has no sub-codes.

    4180: I'm not a teapot
    This program does not meet the requirements set out in IETF RFC-2324 (Hyper Text Coffee Pot Control Protocol), and as such
    cannot accept request codes specified to control such constructs. To resolve this error, cease any attempts to address
    this program and its services according to RFC-2324 specifications. By design, this code does not have any sub-codes.

500-series:

    5000: Generic Error
    There is no further information available about this error. This is typically produced by the program when it shuts down
    due to a problem that it cannot identify. By design, this code has no sub-codes.

    5010: Module Error
    An externally-loaded module (such as an extension or plugin) that is not a direct part of the core program has produced
    an error so severe that it has caused the core program to crash. This is a very rare error, since such modules are typically
    isolated from the core program in such a way that they cannot cause such a crash. However, if this occurs, removing any
    extension modules by deleting their files from disk will usually resolve the problem.

        5010 > Sub-codes:
            5011: Module Load Failure
                  An external module (or module group) has failed to load because the requisite files or services are missing
                  or inaccessible.

            5012: Module Corrupt
                  An external module (or module group) cannot be loaded because it is corrupt or unreadable, even though the
                  requisite resources and services exist and are accessible.

    5030: Service Not Available
    A critical service (such as a filesystem interface, remote server, or network connection) could not be contacted, and
    the program cannot continue.

        5030 > Sub-codes:
            5031: File Write Failed
                  An attempt to write a critical file to disk has failed due to an unrecoverable I/O error.

            5032: Resource Locked
                  An attempt to access a synchronous resource (such as a file on disk) has failed because another process
                  or client has already obtained a lock for the resource in question, and the operation that threw this error
                  required a lock to that resource and could not wait for the existing lock to release.

    5040: Communications Timeout
    A timeout state was reached while attempting to communicate with a service, worker thread, server, or driver resource
    integral to program operations.

        5040 > Sub-codes:
            5041: Network Timeout
                  An active network operation has encountered a timeout condition while waiting for a TCP/IP response over
                  a network connection, and cannot continue.

            5042: Storage Timeout
                  An attempt to access local disk storage or RAM has encountered a timeout condition while waiting for access
                  permission or a data response, and cannot continue.